delete connected variables to tokens (#3906)
six7/figma-tokens: .changeset/little-ghosts-press.md

---
"@tokens-studio/figma-plugin": patch
---

> When you delete a token, we now ask you if you want to delete the associated variable/style in Figma

Reviewer: we already had `style` didnt we?

Author: yes yes, updated

> Implement ability to delete connected variables/styles in Figma when a token is deleted in the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you delete a token, we now ask you if you want to delete the associated variable/style in Figma
```
